So much.
Am I dreaming?
Ha ha.
Oh my mother
Hahaha
Dude, where did you get so much stuff?
You wouldn't open an arsenal, would you?
Almost. Anyway, if it's not enough, just ask me for it.
Hu Na, you must You are welcome
Enough enough hahaha
Enough is definitely enough
I must kill Zhao Zishuai today
The Wu family master is very kind and virtuous
Thank you so much
Wu Clan Master Wu Clan Master goes to the market
Oh, you're welcome, you're welcome. Hello.
City Division Commander has our number on it, eh?
There's all of them.
Is there a problem?
We have to find out
Fuck you
What's the difference?
Don't stop me
Brothers follow
Shoot
Why are you reselling us this stuff?
Do you have such a thing worth reselling?
You don't lie, that's all
It's mine, you give me the whole one.
I will make you burn
OK
Money hahahaha so handsome
Hello little plum
What's the matter with your handsome family, Zhang Shuai?
Now Master Huang is out of ammunition
Nothing but surrender
Why don't we try to persuade
You have a good idea
If you can upgrade
Master Huang made you the mayor
Thank you Zhang Shuai for making a decision
Hahaha come
Hahaha, is it sweet?